doc: Add Dom0 display documentation (#491)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/guides/dom0-display.md

> # Display

Reviewer: I haven't seen other reviewers mention it, but there's not just the contents that matters. There's also where we put it. A new guide is the easy way, but it leads to guide-section-creep. We need to think about the structure of the documentation.

Here, I think that the right category is `management/`, and inside it, ``management/hosts-pools/` which already covers NTP, root password...

And in the same movement we should probably move the current "dom0 memory" guide to it.

If the "Hosts and pools" page is becoming too big, we could also envision splitting it between pools and hosts, or adding subpages.

CC @olivierlambert in case you want to weigh in, as you recently reorganized this section.

## Changing screen resolution

> XCP-ng doesn't touch the screen resolution by default and keep the one used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
XCP-ng doesn't touch the screen resolution by default and keeps the one used
```

at boot (usually from the firmware). However, in some cases, it may be useful

> to increase the screen resolution or adjust it for specific needs or to workaround

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to increase the screen resolution or adjust it for specific needs or to work around
```

some display hardware limitations.

:::warning

> Xen versions prior `4.17.6-9.5` unconditionally reconfigure the display to highest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Xen versions prior to `4.17.6-9.5` unconditionally reconfigure the display to the highest
```

> screen resolution regardless of `vga` parameter when booting in UEFI mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
screen resolution, regardless of the `vga` parameter when booting in UEFI mode.
```

:::

> You can add to Xen command-line a `vga` parameter in order to try changing resolutions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To change resolutions, you can try adding the `vga` parameter to the Xen command line.
```

> The parameter follows this format `vga=gfx-WxHx24` (where W is screen width and H is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The parameter follows this format: `vga=gfx-WxHx24` (where W is screen width and H is
```

> screen height, 24 being the standard 8bpp color depth), for instance,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
screen height, 24 being the standard 8bpp color depth). For instance,
```

`vga=gfx-1920x1080x24` configures a 1920x1080 (1080p 16:9) screen resolution.

> This can be configured either temporarly from GRUB (editor) or permanently using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can be configured temporarly from GRUB (editor), or permanently, using
```

> This can be configured temporarly from GRUB (editor), or permanently, using

Reviewer 3: `temporarily`

```
/opt/xensource/libexec/xen-cmdline --set-xen "vga=gfx-WxHx24"
```

> And reverted using

Reviewer 3: `And can be reverted using`

```
/opt/xensource/libexec/xen-cmdline --delete-xen vga
```

:::note

> This parameter only works if the firmware display driver supports such resolution,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This parameter only works if the firmware display driver supports such resolution.
```

> incorrect values may lead to the parameter being ignored or loss of display output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Incorrect values may cause the parameter to be ignored, or make you lose the display output.
```
